---
title: 2016 Meeting #13
---

## Attendance

* Remy Goldschmidt
* Andrew D'Angelo
* Phillip Harris

## Discussion

* A myriad of small topics were discussed.
* Remy talked about his [hsdm][] project a bit.

[hsdm]:
  https://github.com/taktoa/hsdm
